docs: added Edge troubleshooting steps (#1213)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/14-troubleshooting/12-edge.mdx

---
title: "Edge"
metaTitle: "Edge"
metaDescription: "Troubleshooting steps for common Edge scenarios."
icon: ""
hideToC: false
fullWidth: false
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';

# Edge

The following are common scenarios that you may encounter when using Edge. 

## Scenario - Override or Reconfigure Read-only File System Stage

If you need to override or reconfigure the read-only file system, you can do so using the following steps.

1. Power on the Edge host.

2. Press the keyboard key `E` after highlighting the menu in `grubmenu`.

3. Type `rd.cos.debugrw` and press `Enter`.

> ![The grubmenu is displayed with the command rd.cos.debugrw typed in the terminal.](/troubleshooting_edge_grub-menu.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The grubmenu displays with the command rd.cos.debugrw typed in the terminal.](/troubleshooting_edge_grub-menu.png)
```
